Topdesk mirror integration ba101 fixes (#19819)
demisto/content: Packs/TOPdesk/ReleaseNotes/1_2_1.md

#### Classifiers
##### TOPdesk Incident Classifier

> - Fixed an issue where the **name** and **id** wasn't matching.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the **name** and **id** were not matching.
```
